 MCE options in grub:
 mce=off
        Disable machine check
   mce=no_cmci
        Disable CMCI(Corrected Machine Check Interrupt) that
        Intel processor supports.  Usually this disablement is
        not recommended, but it might be handy if your hardware
        is misbehaving.
        Note that you'll get more problems without CMCI than with
        due to the shared banks, i.e. you might get duplicated
        error logs.
   mce=dont_log_ce
        Don't make logs for corrected errors.  All events reported
        as corrected are silently cleared by OS.
        This option will be useful if you have no interest in any
        of corrected errors.
   mce=ignore_ce
        Disable features for corrected errors, e.g. polling timer
        and CMCI.  All events reported as corrected are not cleared
        by OS and remained in its error banks.
        Usually this disablement is not recommended, however if
        there is an agent checking/clearing corrected errors
        (e.g. BIOS or hardware monitoring applications), conflicting
        with OS's error handling, and you cannot deactivate the agent,
        then this option will be a help.
   mce=bootlog
        Enable logging of machine checks left over from booting.
        Disabled by default on AMD because some BIOS leave bogus ones.
        If your BIOS doesn't do that it's a good idea to enable though
        to make sure you log even machine check events that result
        in a reboot. On Intel systems it is enabled by default.
   mce=nobootlog
        Disable boot machine check logging.
   mce=tolerancelevel[,monarchtimeout] (number,number)
        tolerance levels:
        0: always panic on uncorrected errors, log corrected errors
        1: panic or SIGBUS on uncorrected errors, log corrected errors
        2: SIGBUS or log uncorrected errors, log corrected errors
        3: never panic or SIGBUS, log all errors (for testing only)
        Default is 1
        Can be also set using sysfs which is preferable.
        monarchtimeout:
        Sets the time in us to wait for other CPUs on machine checks. 0
        to disable.
